MBS-8795 Update FlakyAnnotation.md (#499)
avito-tech/avito-android: docs/content/docs/test/FlakyAnnotation.md

## Annotation

Mark flaky tests with special annotation - `@Flaky`

```kotlin
@Flaky(reason = "Relies on real back-end", onSdks = [22, 28])
class MyAwesomeTests {
    // ...
}
```

> - `reason` - optional description of flakiness. You will see that reason in ReportViewer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `reason` - description of flakiness. You will see this reason in ReportViewer
```
I propose to omit optionality in order to discourage null values.
